Basic Syntax of Python:
This includes print() function and comments (which includes single and multiline comments).
Every programmer first code is to display "Hello World" into the print() function.
Heres the code:


Print Function
In Python, “print” refers to an in-built function print(), whts that we will see in other levels , Which is used to display data or output (can say it as standard) on the screen , in which the provided information is automatically converted to a string before being printed.


Here are some points to remember about Print() Function:
- Lets take an example	here print function prints ("My name is Chen") which will display into the console.
- Python allows to print multiple values in a single line by separating them with comma’s( , ) within print() function, which will automatically add spaces in between.
- Data type passed to print() can be converted to a string before printing.


For example:-
let Name is equal to "Hoodle underscore bee" this is a variable which will be teaching in level 2 
now i would like to display my so called variable for which i will use this
here Print function “Hellooww , my name is " with a comma there is something and wht that it is our variable name 
also pls note that we need to print something except for variables need to be in double quotations.
 
Output of this code is:
 Hellooww , my name is Hoodle underscore bee

Comments:
In Python, a comment is a piece of text added within your code that explains the logic or purpose of a specific line or section of code. Comments are completely ignored by the Python interpreter when running the program. And hence it does not get printed on the Output Screen.

Python interpreter ignores them just as you ignore your preparations for exam whole year.

Syntax: 
A single line comment starts with a '#' symbol followed by the comment text.
	For Example:  #(Hash)This is MEEE

Multi-line Comments:
 While not a dedicated syntax, you can use triple double quotes or triple single quotes(""" or ''') to create multi-line comments by not assigning them to a variable.
	For Example:
    This shows Double quotation

    And This shows Single quotation

Both of these depicts multiline comments

